Advise against logging PoP values (#289)
ietf-wg-wimse/draft-ietf-wimse-s2s-protocol: draft-ietf-wimse-wpt.md

### Limiting Proof of Possession Scope

In order to reduce the risk of theft and replay the PoP should have a limited scope. For example, a PoP may be targeted for use with a specific workload and even a specific transaction to reduce the impact of a stolen PoP. In some cases a workload may wish to reuse a PoP for a period of time or have it accepted by multiple target workloads. A careful analysis is warranted to understand the impacts to the system if a PoP is disclosed allowing it to be presented by an attacker along with a captured WIT.

### Replay Protection

A PoP includes the `jti` claim that uniquely identifies it.
This claim SHOULD be used by the receiver to perform basic replay protection, within the scope of a particular sender, against tokens it has already seen.
Depending upon the design of the system it may be difficult to synchronize the replay cache across all token validators.
If an attacker can somehow influence the identity of the validator (e.g. which cluster member receives the message) then
replay protection would not be effective.

### Avoid Logging Raw WPT Values

> Implementations MUST NOT log raw WPT values by default. Depending on the aggressiveness

Author: ```suggestion
Implementations MUST NOT log raw WPTs by default. Depending on the aggressiveness
```

## draft-ietf-wimse-wpt-02

* Editorial: consistent use of "proof of possession"/"PoP", with the abbreviation expanded on first use, and consistent capitalization of the defined term "Workload Identifier".
* Advise against logging proof-of-possession values (#271).

> * Security Considerations formating fixup (#217).

Author: ```suggestion
* Security Considerations formatting fixup (#217).
```
